README.md, before:

# account-manager

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/account-manager-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.

## Related Guides

- Hibernate ORM ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/hibernate-orm)): Define your persistent model with Hibernate ORM and JPA
- Hibernate Validator ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/validation)): Validate object properties (field, getter) and method parameters for your beans (REST, CDI, JPA)
- JDBC Driver - PostgreSQL ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/datasource)): Connect to the PostgreSQL database via JDBC

## Provided Code

### Hibernate ORM

Create your first JPA entity

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/hibernate-orm)



### RESTEasy Reactive

Easily start your Reactive RESTful Web Services

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/getting-started-reactive#reactive-jax-rs-resources)

### RESTEasy Reactive Qute

Create your web page using Quarkus RESTEasy Reactive & Qute

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/qute#type-safe-templates)

Commit message:

Explain how to generate the default database schema

README.md, after:

# account-manager

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/account-manager-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.

## Related Guides

- Hibernate ORM ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/hibernate-orm)): Define your persistent model with Hibernate ORM and JPA
- Hibernate Validator ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/validation)): Validate object properties (field, getter) and method parameters for your beans (REST, CDI, JPA)
- JDBC Driver - PostgreSQL ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/datasource)): Connect to the PostgreSQL database via JDBC

## Provided Code

To create a database from scratch:

```shell script
java -jar -Dquarkus.hibernate-orm.database.generation=drop-and-create quarkus-run.jar
```

### Hibernate ORM

Create your first JPA entity

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/hibernate-orm)



### RESTEasy Reactive

Easily start your Reactive RESTful Web Services

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/getting-started-reactive#reactive-jax-rs-resources)

### RESTEasy Reactive Qute

Create your web page using Quarkus RESTEasy Reactive & Qute

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/qute#type-safe-templates)
